
# finished
* When auto-scroll with text selection, often text selection is lagging behind. 
* Selection in between social links are not indented as the socials are. That in-between space likely exist to make a nicer format if the user of the page would choose to select&copy. Perhaps there is another way to do the same? Or perhaps we can do it differently in the stack so that the middle gaps are one the same indentation as the text of the socials? Same issue exist between the different professional story cards.
* make H2 font size smaller, add 100 weight, introduce a separate color token
* copy format centralisations in tw_primitives from tw_chat
* pill link is not being preserved in line with the text and the link is lost (only link text is being kept)
* The links does not seem to be included in the copy, and on PC it is visually selected last in each paragraph (and end up at the end of the copied material) . Perhaps we should centralise bits of the copy logic from the tw_chat into the primitive without destroying all the roles/truncated vs not truncated. That would also help the copy style of the professional story cards.
* No space after "Turns complexity into clarity. A rare breed of creative systems thinker, cross-domain integrator, and driver of change."
* In the block quote, increase distance between vertical line and text 
* Reduce Pills padding so that text will get closer to the border of the pill.
* Make all links follow the pill style. Remove that other style entirely. Currently there is a link in the footer.
* Centralise the collapsable card from the landing page into the primitives 
* Do we have a token for the color of the contextual toolbars? If not, introduce.
* Make the unordered list's bullet points smaller, there should be a token for it.
* look at all tokens in main app, tw_chat and tw_primitives and remove all that is not used.

# ongoing
* Make the title bar of the professional card the same style as the modal/chat. And when the real top of it is not seen it should float along at the top of the screen.
* Markdown format of the collapsed cards as well
* Decrease the paddings of the collapsed cards. Increase the padding of the content inside the card.


# next up



# after that

## theme
    * Invert the colors for the light version from the dark
    * Chat with Twin ska ej vara i pill


## content
    * "Systemic intervention in practiceShared Diagnostic Reference System: Recognizing that floor-level evidence and process data were being", en bold thicker than the other?

    Leader:
    * she sees how people can evolve with it and become happier

    Capability:
    * Shared table reference text, bring back old?
    * "Reusable Decision Logic" in excel tangiable
    * Punchlines should be explicit punch lines? Feel a bit lost at the bottom.


--------------------------------------------------------


* När jag klistrar in i text_field så ser jag början av paste-texten momentant efter caret, normalt sätt så ser man bara slutet utan något flashande. eller att man ser det animerat rulla förbi?
* On smaller screens, the modal should occupy more space up&down, less padding? Duplicate what tw_chat has? Though not duplicate it being attached to bottom. I want symmetric 


" Escaped markdown: *literal asterisks*"
*Auto-scrollar för lätt i text field
* no space betw card-headers
* make it easier for all text style callers to use the correct text style without assemblying it themselves -  it should be in the _styles.dart file

too much space in copy formatting