* make main page use same scrollable area from primitives that tw_chat uses
* add icons similar to other chatbots below each bot message
* Position the chat furthest to the right always ?

Bug: Text caret is not always within the text field. So when typing I cannot see the text. I can see the text caret being very far up in the UI outside of the composer area.

Bug: when adding new lines of text at the bottom beyond what fits within the extended version of the textfield that the bug occurs, the new text is out of sight (I can still scroll there, but user expects to see the text which it has just typed as it is being typed, this is regardless of were within the textfield box).

B. And I believe that the scrollbars should light up when scrollbars content is added









Tw_chat improvments
* Research why the scrollbar does not go further down than currently in chat list. Seems like it stops before the gradient in the composer area starts
* three dots indicator does not show on android chrome, do we have a different pipeline entirely than desktop for that? should we make more DRY?
* remove anything affecting the chat height relative to browser width - except for that once exception where the browser is so small that it should fill the browser width - currently there are some weird logic causing the chat to be both taller and less tall as i drag the width of the browser




# deeper bug – below is solved and I wish to make an addition: I want it to jump slightly more, right now it is nearly there!
        even after all of the tries in D:\projects\flutter\personal_webpage_2\docs\d2.md we have still not solved that bug. dig very deep to get to the root of this issue
        the deployment of d78e3c7a6df963f22a99d748e20d529c2ebbec6e still shows the bug
        I am not sure I was on the right track even – please do a full audit
        Sometimes to get to the root of things more easily, code should be streamlined / refactored / cleaned – make sure to also analyse if any such efforts are needed.
        You are allowed to change code in the entire repo, including main app and packages. I give you full creative freedom.

